wake up little spider wake up you're not
dead yet just finished being a vegan is
hurting you spider-man come get a bacon
sundae at BK with me I'm not like you
you're a murderer well a man's gotta eat
I say quarter pounder you say tofu did
you know photo film this process using
gelatin what the hell do you think
gelatin is made out of mr.
photojournalist think about what you're
missing we respected your lifestyle but
why do you have to be a dick about it
because it's right
let me tell you a story have you ever
taken a bacon nap is when you consume so
much bacon the only option left is to
take a nap you feel me the wonderful
thing about bacon is it's like sex you
can take a break from it for a while you
can even substitute it but there you'll
always crave it you'll feel so good
inside once you do it you're missing out
an bacon chocolate milk pork and most of
all Spider Man you're missing out on
feta cheese not eating animal products
is like being a 40-year old virgin is
that what you want think about it vegan
we respected your lifestyle but why do
you have to be a dick about it
you